W-21242415-NewFeature-DLBdownload-logs-API-dm (#854)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: cloudhub/modules/ROOT/pages/lb-download-logs.adoc

----

=== Validations

These validations apply to the request:

* `executionName` is a required query parameter. Use the value from the `executionName` field in the Initiate Download API response.
* The execution name must be valid; missing, invalid, or unknown values are rejected.

=== Sample Response

While the logs are being processed, the API returns a response similar to this:

[source,json]
----
{
    "message": "Log download request is being processed",
    "resourceName": "myDlbName"
}
----

=== Successful Execution Response

When processing completes, the API returns a response similar to this, including the download URL:

[source,json]
----
{
    "message": "DLB logs processed successfully",
    "downloadUrl": "myLogsDownloadUrl",
    "expiresIn": "60 minutes",
    "token": "myDownloadUrlToken",
    "resourceName": "myDlbName"
}
----

The `expiresIn` value defines the time window in which both the download URL and the extraction token are valid. The `downloadUrl` is time-sensitive: download the logs (`.zip` file) within this window. After the URL expires, it can't be reused; initiate a new download request to obtain a new URL.

> The download file is provided in compressed (`.zip`) format and requires the `token` value from the response to extract its contents. The token isn't recoverable after it expires. Complete both the download and the extraction within the validity period.

Author: ```suggestion
The `expiresIn` value defines the time window in which the download URL is valid. The `downloadUrl` is time-sensitive, so download the logs (`.zip` file) within this window. After the validity period ends, the URL expires and can't be used; initiate a new download request to obtain a new URL.

The download file is provided in compressed (`.zip`) format and requires the `token` value from the response to extract its contents. If you download the `.zip` file and retain the token before the download URL expires, you can extract the file later. However, the token can't be recovered after it expires.
```
